(if we can get this staking out before astronaut that would be cool so astronaut could earn stakers something too)

https://w3.lol/astronaut/
click on games, astronaut, UI demo what it would be like somewhat

you just buy oxygen tanks from merchant, feed it to astronaut and it mines dark matter for you

could you also write up a mockup for astronaut (the game that farms dark matter nft and consumes oxygen tanks to keep working):

i'd like for it to have experience points system similar to runescape. 
So astronaut's harvesting skill would gain experience points per each successful +1 dark matter 
the higher the experience points, the higher its harvesting level and the more dark matter it harvests (in less amount of time)
so this would essentially make longer standing astronauts gather more dark matter with less oxygen consumed
i think it's interesting to not have a max level cap, just see how big players train this 
of course similar to runescape the next level would be slightly harder to reach requiring more experience points

don't worry about consuming oxygen tanks, i'll work on this- it's just a simple burn function call really. 
so we're going to put oxygen tank item for sale on the merchant contract, players will be able to buy those 
and give it to astronaut so it can continue working. I think let's make it so if user fails to give its astronaut oxygen within a given time (help me figure this time frame out too)
then all of the harvesting experience and progress will be reset. This needs to be harsh enough so players don't want to just let it go

tl;dr
player buys oxygen tank from merchant
feeds it to astronaut
astronaut is then able to harvest dark matter nfts and gain experience points in harvesting skill

what I need from you is all the math behind it, i can work out the rest. Just think of some functional way for experience points, harvesting level,
oxygen tank consumed, etc. all of these to work and make sense. you can be creative with this i don't really have any specific ideas in mind right now.

since nfts are without decimals you need to factor this into your formulas i think? We can call createFromTemplate() to make 1x dark matter, but there can't be 0.01 dark matter for example.

----

blastscout — 08/02/2021
So for the astronaut game, I think you should have levels and three skills potential
Skills:
-Harvest (Controls the amount collected every cycle)
-Speed (How fast a cycle is completed)
-Oxygen Use (Over time the astronaut is better at using the tanks increasing the time a tank provides)
The system it self can track how much dark matter in fractions but can only collect in whole peices.
The first Tank used Collects 1 dark matter in 1 cycle in 1 day something along that line.
Each level requires the same number of tanks to level up
To get to level three you need to use 2 tanks in level 2.
level 2
-1 tank last 1.5 days
-1.5 dark matter a cycle
-.5 days per cycle
level 3
-1 tank last 2.25 days
-2.25 dark matter a cycle
-0.25 days for a cycle
We can adjust the numbers.

----

there needs to be the "challenge" effect too like... a bit of runescape style grind to it, not just easy dark matter and xp
we have no idea how much the tanks are going to cost lol

should probably be adjustable amount since vidya price can change a lot

----

blastscout — 08/02/2021
Maybe instead of it begin longer lasting tanks it's more tanks it hold

That way since tanks feed the generator with sales it'll require more from there and you could sell them fairly cheap

----

it would be awesome to unlock new carrier vessels

----

blastscout — 08/02/2021
The level would automaticly unlock it

The astronaut picture would change

You could have NFT's as milestones

Say 1 tank cost 5 vidya, 1 tank can last 1 hour at level 1
The user can deposit tanks while the astronaut is out.
Without the "extra" vessels the there is a down time from collection between tanks
So I deposit 48 tanks to last 2 days
These tanks only have a 75% effeciency rating because the astrounaught needs to go out and come back on the same tank
The vessels and speed skill can increase this rating to provide better harvesting

Vessels increase the # of tanks an astronaught can carry and the speed decreases the resupply time needed
If the supply depo runs out then the astronaught floats away with the vessel

We can set the tank cost at 5 but have the vaule adjust with supply and demand.
5 is there is no demand and a lot of supply, then 10 when half of the supply is still circulating. 25 when under 25%
Once, a user deposits the Tank into the game its get burned and returned to the merchant

I think the tanks being a resupply point is idea since eth network can take hours to process when bogged down

We should use the amount of tanks deposited as EXP for the levels, and keep their value to about 1-5 VIDYA a pop and 
make them last 30mins - 1 hour. This way it's not $$$ to play a game to collect dark matter.
The value of dark matter will be based on this game in the end.

They gain one exp for every tank entered for use or 5 exp for every tank used for "Training".

Start rate .5/tank and rate 10/tank
